hi i am andre and this is the fabric and
waterproof samsung galaxy xcover 2
since we have a demo models of this
xcover 2 I don't have all accessories
of course the device itself
included with it you get anyway
included and adapter
a micro usb cable and the battery that is
already in it
see that the I score closer and closer
at the top we find a speaker
grill with the adjacent sensors and a front
facing camera
well below that we find the screen and 4
inch screen with a 480 by 800 pixels
now we are going to look all the way at the bottom
we find three physical buttons
so really turk now say int is but button
really physical are also a bit yes matte
finished in between are nicely ribbed
we go all the way to the bottom
You can find the microphone here and find it here
behind a cover
the micro-usb connection that fits
waterproof hidden
then find here on the right
we have a physical camera button so that's it
useful because the screen does not respond
Underwater
but you can just do it underwater
Take photos for example in those that you still have
an on and off button
and when we find ourselves going upstairs
here the headset port that sits again
again behind a cover
we find another one on the left
hole for a keycord and we find it
here the volume keys then you go
men look at the back still find it
a flash a speaker grill and
of course the camera are 5 megapixel
camera
well the back that can be
removed and currently we see here
at the bottom of that it is therefore lured
thing points to the left and we see that
a year closed lock is this and
to lure
pick up the coin or one
screwdriver and then you turn
according to the other side
to my to the piece that that just
is running and then you can do the
just remove the tailgate
well the retarded is we see
also here that there is a rubber seal
so that with the battery
no water can come well from the inside
look
then we find the yes here
the battery if the battery then even
find lifting under the battery still
a micro sd card slot and a sim card
Finally, let 's see how the xcover 2
will work exactly this purpose him as a
locks we see the device
ride on android android 4 point one point
two in this case we see the standard
android widgets
we also find your shortcuts for you
can of course also completely to your own
arrange taste
there is still a shell over it
samsung itself
So you're seeing him put
and the best that samsung has to offer
and yet the notification center you
so you can equate things quickly
You can also adjust brightness
adjust the screen you ca n't
have it done automatically for that
does not have this phone
sensor
we still find the settings menu here
that is different from the older one
Versions of Android speaks for itself
all good yes reasonable for themselves
can find physical buttons whatever
is naturally also fine
because you are like something dirty or something
then the screen or a home button responds
never responds so well to the rest
from here for example the aprica belt
see and see what it looks like
we can easily go through emails
scrolling nowadays as we meet here
right side is grabbing we also see
equal the date in the middle
so then we can go right after a certain
date jump handy if you have one
very long inbox for example
the rest find a number of standard ones
included Samsung apps and widgets
such as video help and my music widget
if you click on this you will find a
overview of all applications and those
you can find it here
then we go back for a moment you are all about one
guide duo core processor so that takes care of it
that everything is going well
and sometimes if you have some really heavy ones
open applications simultaneously has not
somewhat trickier
the screen has a resolution of 800
at 480 pixels
well what does that look like if we then
just grab a nice trailer and
those that are going to play can immediately see how
This screen sees the skin as something
to play
so the sound
yes it sounds pretty clean but it does
came bill heart
well it is of course a substance and
Waterproof device can be one meter below
water are half an hour before that
is it certified
well then we can test it right away
if we hold the bucket of water there and we
just a bowl of water here and we
can just throw the device in here
while the movie is playing
the video will also continue to play
can see that bothered by it
water are some reflection but it
movie will continue to play under
water
it's interesting because you also have one
can take photo under water because there too
just a normal camera button
Talk about photo and video
watch the photo and video
functionalities of this device
we can already have camera mutation on two
Ways start because of the
shortcut or simply by pressing the
physical button like that then do
can also immediately take a photo by pressing
clicking the screen or the physical
hold the buttons halfway and follow
just by pressing
well we see it then very quickly and
can easily take a photo for it
you can right at the bottom in the gallery
see back
I can here on the right
of course also with screen a photo
and you can still sit here
video modes we will soon go to
look
well on the left you can switch
between the front and back facing camera
then you see the front facing camera that
not of very high quality but he
makes sure you just yes
easy as can video call or so
see and yet could see then go again
back to the beak facing camera in that
the flash settings 4 the scene for
choice or the photo in your file
for example, I have a panorama one
make a shot or a continuous shop
which continues to fail to find row
another setting here sort of yes
instagram mighty settings you see
that they are applied equally to
the screen will momentarily put normal and
below you will find standard
normal settings
so year example as white balance iso
values ​​can also be done manually here
To adjust
and you can do everything yourself on the left
organizer is no tomorrow
flash setting that want to see how they
pressed longer and you can just do this
for example with the white balance
settings then grab those and drag
who go there and you can do this completely
to your own liking
we now also have a look at one
movie what was made with this device
we see shot in a movie with the
samsung galaxy xcover 2
the movie shot in 27 b which is also the
Maximum resolution is the sound coming
from the device itself
the color reproduction of the screen of the
xcover 2 is not as good as we are
are accustomed to samsung
in addition, the device is also not
complete back the ice ie
It is not entirely made to care the
to survive
the xcover 2 is dust and waterproof he
can be submerged for half an hour
without any problems
in addition, it is what you would
expect from this unit
well put together and get through
fine materials
Finally, you also have the
latest version of android namely 4.de
environments where a normal smartphone
let it go for a long time
the xcover 2 has it from samsung
no problems at all
so you are someone who has a lot in environment
where a lot of dust is sand or water then
is the Samsung Galaxy Xcover 2
you want this the right choice for you
order your device then click on the
left bottom right
or visit our website pdashop.nl or point
b thanks for watching this review
and see you next time